Add Summer Theme Park 2020 Fanart Contest newspost (#3924)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2020-07-23-summer-theme-park-fanart-contest-results.md

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/banners/McFriedFries.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/winners/McFriedFries.png)

Coming in sixth place with **4646** votes, [**McFriedFries**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12694139) wowed with their summertime botanical pippi enjoying a bit of rest with a plunging rollercoaster doing its thing in the background.

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/banners/Ariisha.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/winners/Ariisha.png)

[**Ariisha**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6246943) nabbed **4543** votes for a superbly stylized take on a whole bunch of our mascots enjoying time at a splash park, including Yuzu being harassed by the lifeguard for going into the pool without a shirt on.

The connotations of that need not be said, but I doubt they surprise anyone at this point.

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/banners/XShadowGirlX.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/winners/XShadowGirlX.png)

> [**XShadowGirlX**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11596939) scored **3963** votes for a gentle nighttime portrayal of pippi enjoying some cotton candy before a skill-testing machine filled with all sorts of community icons, including (but not limited to) the Taikonater, Sotarks, WhiteCat, Airman, Mocha and a strip of bacon. Crispy.

Reviewer: https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Mascots#taikonator
```suggestion
[**XShadowGirlX**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11596939) scored **3963** votes for a gentle nighttime portrayal of pippi enjoying some cotton candy before a skill-testing machine filled with all sorts of community icons, including (but not limited to) Taikonator, Sotarks, WhiteCat, Airman, Mocha and a strip of bacon. Crispy.
```

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/banners/TofuMang.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/107/winners/TofuMang.png)

> Long-time crowd favourite [**TofuMang**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4817223) returns to scoop up **3922** votes with his delightfully fantastical take on pippi enjoying a most marvellous carousel ride, complete with a sky whale, and two hot Airman balloons.

Reviewer: There's only one Airman hot air balloon, the other being Taikonator.

Author: this is meant as a semi-literal play on the term 'hot air balloon' to describe both instead of the one that's just airman
